Coursera Capstone Project:
The Battle of Neighbourhoods

Introduction 
You don't have to be Italian to like pizza. I mean a good pizza, made according to an old Italian recipe. Then a delicious espresso. Yes, a well crafted espresso tastes great. And ice cream. 

In this project, I'm going to explore the location of good, high rated Italian restaurants in New York and find a place where such a restaurant is missing.

New York City is the largest and most populous city in the United States, 2018 it's population was 8,398,748. It consists of five boroughs – Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, The Bronx, and Staten Island, each of which is a separate county of the State of New York. Each borough has its own demographic, cultural, linguistic and financial specificities. 
Perhaps there are relationships which allow to predict, which place is ideal for opening a new Italian restaurant.
We also will list and visualise all major parts of New York City that has great Italian restaurants.

The goal of this project is to explore the following questions:
1. What is best location in New York City for italian cuisine?
2. Which areas lack italian resturants?

Stakeholders interested in the problem:
Investors planning to open an Italian restaurant


Coursera Capstone Project:
The Battle of Neighbourhoods

Data

We will use the following data:
1. New York City data to explore various neighborhoods of New York City. 
These data cover boroughs along with their neighborhoods, latitude and longitude

Dataset source: https://geo.nyu.edu/catalog/nyu_2451_34572

2. GeoSpace data
The geo space data allow to get the New York Borough boundaries. It let us visualize choropleth map.

Source: https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Borough-Boundaries/tqmj-j8zm

3. Location of the Italian restaurants in New York City
Source : Fousquare API

By using the Fousquare API we will get all the venues in each neighborhood. 
Then we can filter out only Italian restaurants.
We can also find ratings, tips and like count for each restaurant. That allows us to sort and visualize the data.

